branTo merge changes we use Git bash

Commands for using Git Bash.
-------------------------------

suppose its you not create a respository 
use  following command

       git init   


1.	Check the config: to verify the username and user email
		Git config --list
2.      Now change to c folder
                cd /c/ccga_nimisha  (put space after cd----)


3.	To clone develop branch: branch develop url
	     Git clone --branch  develop https://github.com/nimishaccga/testdemo.git
4.      Next change the floder (means change to the project folder)
	      cd testrepo  

5.    To check which branch we using and to check whether any changes needs to checkout
              git status

6.    To check all the branch


	      git branch --all

To see all branch 
git branch -a
7. To switch the branches ie to switch from master to develop or develop to master  use below command

               git checkout develop

                means switch to develop branch
 
               git checkout master

                 means switch to master branch

8. if you add a new file 
                  first add the file to  folder, then check the status by using  'git status' comment
                   then use following command

                   git add add1.txt

9 check again the status and commit the changes

       git status         
       git commit -a -m "tfs item "

10. once commited , push the changes to develop
        git push origin develop


-------------------------------------------

now merge changes to main or master

Step 1 : find out the commit id number from develop branch using following command line
                           git log --oneline
step 2 : switch to master and apply cherry-pick

                         git checkout master (mean switch to master)

         we are using cherry pick functionality that means picking the number which has to commit
                          git cherry-pick commitnumber
                          ie  stat


step 2.1 commit the changes
       git commit -a -m "tfs item "
  
step3 : git push to master
                          git push origin master



use exit command to exit from comment
"exit"

fyi
sometimes when you do cherry pick , may shows the conflict like file is not added , so what to do is 
 git add filename



--------------------